Java: adjust docs on default value for Spring's `exceptionResolverOrder` (#4007)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/java.spring-boot.mdx

  dsn: ___PUBLIC_DSN___
```

> By default, only unhandled exceptions are sent to Sentry. This behavior can be tuned through configuring `sentry.exception-resolver-order` property. For example, setting it to `-2147483647` (the value of `org.springframework.core.Ordered#HIGHEST_PRECEDENCE`) makes sure exceptions that have been handled by exception resolvers with higher order are sent to Sentry - including ones handled by `@ExceptionHandler` annotated methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only unhandled exceptions are sent to Sentry. This behavior can be tuned through configuring the `sentry.exception-resolver-order` property. For example, setting it to `-2147483647` (the value of `org.springframework.core.Ordered#HIGHEST_PRECEDENCE`) ensures exceptions that have been handled by exception resolvers with higher order are sent to Sentry - including ones handled by `@ExceptionHandler` annotated methods.
```
